
Deep insights of the A-NET-SNMP project (Awesome Net Simple Networking Managment Protocol):

1. Project will be divided into containers, and sometimes even two parts of the same idea will be divided into two or more containers.
   For example, in this project there is the ra, and the modem. At first I had thought that the modem, simple program which contacts redis for updates
   of it's situation, will be at the same container as the redis database, and on top of that, the snmpd will run in the same container.
   Later I understood that containers can communicate with each other through the network I tell them to connect on the running command i give them. 
   Thus, the right solution for me in this case, is to run those containrs: - container for the ra program
                                                                            - container for the modem program
                                                                            - container for the redis database
                                                                            - container for the snmpd && snmptrapd

2. Makefile and libraries. It is important to understand how makefile works regarding to c/c++, it is important to understand flags of commands in the
   makefile and in the terminal itself (simple google search or "blabla -h"/"blabla --help"). In case of usage of libraries I acknowledged the "-l" 
   flag for library. For example, I've got the library hiredis, so in that case at the run command of the program in the makefile, after the list of 
   objects files, we will write "-lhiredis". By the way, the libraries should be @/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/ in my linux and in centos look up in the
   interet. And now lets get to the point of this section, it's important blah blah blah, and it's important blah blah blah, but in order to use those
   libraries, ---YOU SHOULD INSTALL THEM--- , or be me and eat shit for 3 weeks... or don't. Anyway, know your system, know your files and where they
   are, know where your libraries are downloaded and installed to, and if you're not sure in any of them you can ask google. or whoever you find who
   can answer your question with "ask google..." and sometimes even smile or cruel laughing face.

3. 
